DOSTO #1: As he was about to leave the room, he remembered that day in April 1995, in a maternity ward in San Diego. The first time he had held his newborn daughter. He was so moved and overwhelmed that he didn’t even know what to do. All he had seen then was a tiny baby with a wrinkled face who, with her eyes closed, was making all sorts of strange faces, waving her little hands about in every direction. At that moment, he had no idea that becoming a father would be a radical change in his life, but he had not yet knew what that meant in terms of love and

DOSTO #2: As he was about to leave the room, he remembered that day in April 1995, in a maternity ward in San Diego. The first time he had held his newborn daughter. He was so moved and overwhelmed that he didn’t even know what to do. All he had seen then was a tiny baby with a wrinkled face who, with her eyes closed, was making all sorts of strange faces, waving her little hands about in every direction. At that moment, he had no idea that becoming a father would be a radical change in his life, but he had not yet knew what that meant in terms of love and

DOSTO #3: As he was about to leave the room, he remembered that day in April 1995, in a maternity ward in San Diego. The first time he had held his newborn daughter. He was so moved and overwhelmed that he didn’t even know what to do. All he had seen then was a tiny baby with a wrinkled face who, with her eyes closed, was making all sorts of strange faces, waving her little hands about in every direction. At that moment, he had no idea that becoming a father would be a radical change in his life, but he had not yet knew what that meant in terms of love and

PROUST #1: As he was about to leave the room, he remembered that day in April 1995, in a maternity ward in San Diego. The first time he had held his newborn daughter. He was so moved and overwhelmed that he didn’t even know what to do. All he had seen then was a tiny baby with a wrinkled face who, with her eyes closed, was making all sorts of strange faces, waving her little hands about in every direction. At that moment, he had no idea that becoming a father would be a radical change in his life, but he had not yet knew what that meant in terms of love and

PROUST #2: As he was about to leave the room, he remembered that day in April 1995, in a maternity ward in San Diego. The first time he had held his newborn daughter. He was so moved and overwhelmed that he didn’t even know what to do. All he had seen then was a tiny baby with a wrinkled face who, with her eyes closed, was making all sorts of strange faces, waving her little hands about in every direction. At that moment, he had no idea that becoming a father would be a radical change in his life, but he had not yet knew what that meant in terms of love and

PROUST #3: As he was about to leave the room, he remembered that day in April 1995, in a maternity ward in San Diego. The first time he had held his newborn daughter. He was so moved and overwhelmed that he didn’t even know what to do. All he had seen then was a tiny baby with a wrinkled face who, with her eyes closed, was making all sorts of strange faces, waving her little hands about in every direction. At that moment, he had no idea that becoming a father would be a radical change in his life, but he had not yet knew what that meant in terms of love and
